have you ever seen a single person going
into that factory there must be people
working there the only thing that comes
out of that this is the candy I'd give
anything in the world
just to go in that amazing Factory dear
people of the world I Willy Wonka have
decided to allow five children to visit
my factory five golden tickets have been
hidden underneath the wrapping paper of
five ordinary Walker bars wouldn't it be
something Johnny to open a bar of candy
and find it golden ticket I only get one
bar yeah nothing is impossible you found
one cause last golden ticket from
director Tim Burton we enter who are you
he's wavy Wonka I'm all about gosh I
don't care all right so scoop I'll ask
your chocolate doesn't see that I'm very
good vote daddy
I want another pony you're my TV okay
and you are you're just lucky to be here
aren't you welcome to the factory water
brother Xin vite you to enter a whole
new world unlike anything you've ever
imagined is beautiful where dreams are
your reality they're in palookas back
off your freaks
I do say that all seem rather it has
your really weird and Willy Wonka let's
boogie is your guide who this year five
lucky kids will follow in his footsteps
I want where don't touch that squirrels
nuts
why is everything your completely
pointless but only one Kelly doesn't
have to have a point that's why it's
candy we'll find his heart
Oh God
Johnny Depp
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory
Wow